Short answer questions:

Explain Internet Marketing.
What is Consumer Behaviour?
Define Packaging.
Explain in short Qualitative Research.
What is network marketing?
Rural Marketing
What is Consumer Behaviour?
Define Packaging.
Explain in short the sources of primary data.
What is network marketing?
Explain the following in 2-3 sentences 
Product.
Service Marketing.
Survey questionnaire.
Event Marketing 
Retailing



What do you mean by Marketing of Services?
Define - Target Marketing.
Explain in short - Product Life-Cycle.
List out any 3 Marketing Channels.
What is B2C Marketing?



Long answer questions:
Explain the scope, importance and limitations of Marketing research.


Discuss - various stages of product development in detail.
Explain the methods of sampling with examples. 


Explain the application of marketing research in advertisement. 
Explain in detail different channels of Marketing.
Define 5 M’s of Advertising Management.
What do you mean by Branding? Explain in detail how is it different from Marketing?
Explain in detail the various bases for segmenting consumer markets.

Describe the problems of Indian Rural markets

Discuss the importance of Supply Chain.
Define the role of Marketing Information System in Globalization.
Discuss in detail - ‘Marketing Research’. What role does the survey questionnaire play in it?
Elaborate the meaning of Marketing Mix. Also list out in details the 7 Ps’ of Marketing mix.
Briefly explain the product oriented concept and customer oriented concept
Discuss the relevance and significance of Observation in Marketing 
Explain the various tools and techniques of sales promotion.
Meaning & Concept, Basis of segmentation, selection of segments, Market Segmentation strategies,
Discuss in detail - Channels of Marketing.
State in detail the concept of B2B marketing
Discuss in detail - ‘Marketing Analysis’.
Discuss the relevance and significance of Observation in Marketing 
Explain in detail ‘Product Positioning’. What is its role in Marketing?
Explain in detail the elements of Marketing Mix.
Discuss Digital Marketing concept. State its benefits.
Explain the various tools and techniques of sales promotion.
Explain in detail the importance of Pricing of a product on sales.
Discuss the Meaning & Concept of Market Segmentation, selection of segments, Market Segmentation strategies,
Discuss in detail - Channels of Marketing with examples.


Discuss various stages in Product Development.
Explain the process of Market segmentation. Also explain how it helps marketing?
Discuss the 7 Ps’ of Marketing in detail.
State how price is determined in a market. Explain in detail.
What is a survey questionnaire? Explain the importance of it.
Explain various channels of marketing in detail.
Explain the importance of Marketing Research. 
What do you mean by Sampling. What is its importance?
Define Branding and Differenciate Branding from Marketing.
Discuss B2B marketing in detail. 
